\section{Challenges of Wireless Sensing}
This article has by and large been very upbeat about wireless sensing. However, there are a number of hurdles to overcome to make it a
practical reality.

\paragraph*{Multipath effect}  As wireless signals can be reflected, refracted and bounced off
surrounding objects like walls and furniture in an indoor environment, multiple copies of the same signal may reach the receiver with
different phase delays and power attenuation. This phenomenon is known as the multipath effect. Multipath makes it difficult to obtain
clear signal information (\RSSI, phase, \AoA, \TOF, etc.) which is required for achieving accurate sensing. While recently literature has
proposed to exploit multiple links for cancel the static noises, or select optimal sub-carriers that are resistant to multipath effect for
sensing task, how to make sure the scheme can be portable to different environments remains an open problem. There are other schemes for
dealing with the multipath effect, but they often require a large bandwidth or antenna array. This assumption reduce the practicability of
the approach. Therefore, there is a need for effective multipath and noise suppressing algorithms.

\paragraph*{Clock synchronization} Wireless sensing systems often use multiple devices, such as transmitters and receivers. These devices often
need to exchange information at a high frequency. Precise clock synchronization is essential for good performance because the time is used
to calculate wireless channel information such as the phase, and an error of nanoseconds can translate to a localization error of a few
meters. However, obtaining synchronized time at a fine-grained level among computing multiple devices is challenging due to the differences
in the hardware clocks. On solution is to using a wire to synchronize the clocks between two devices, but the effectiveness of the solution
decreases as the distance between the devices increases. This limits the applicability of the approach.

\paragraph*{Deployment cost} To the best of our knowledge, the non-contact sensing performance is highly relevant to the deployment when
the transmitter and the receiver are placed separately, due to the presence of Fresnel zones~\cite{wang2016human}. The optimal transceiver
placement would contribute to high sensing accuracy, while a random placement would lead to large amount of blind spots for sensing. So
the deployment issue should be taken into account in real applications. Of course, we need to pay attention to an implicit trade-off
between improving the sensing accuracy and resolving the inconveniences. Since the optimal deployment is always at the expense of more
restrictions, so that brings much inconvenient experience for user. Therefore, it is recommended to choose the suitable deployment
according to the specific application, and make a good compromise between practicality and sensing performance.

\paragraph*{Transfer problem} Many learning based sensing methods can achieve high accuracy without requiring intensive communication
links, and can work with even a single transceiver pair, which ensures low hardware cost and great convenience. However, one major unsolved
issue is that the learned patterns can hardly adapt to the changes of environment and time. For long-term or varying scenarios, the sensing
accuracy would decline seriously if we still utilize the original patterns, and constant updating patterns comes with a huge training cost.
Recent works attempt to solve this problem by deep learning technology that can extract hidden useful features of higher dimensions, while
these methods lack theoretical basis. To make sensing more convincing, it is better to combine learning with theoretical models by
excavating and analyzing the physical nature of signal changes.

\paragraph*{Tiny signal extraction} Some interfaces realize their sensing objective by leveraging the reflected signal caused by the
target. Nevertheless, the wireless signal arriving at receiver is always a superposition of  direct path and various reflected paths. In
many cases, the target reflected signal is quite subtle compared to the signal from direct path and strong reflectors, so it is very
challenging to separate the weak component from the mixed signal. Traditional solutions generally suppress undesired paths by prior
measurement, while they are still unable to thoroughly attain the desired reflected component. The latest work introduce a new idea that
conducts nonlinear frequency shifting to the signal reflected off target, this makes it different from the other interfering signals, thus
it can be separated. However, this approach still limited to contact sensing. To achieve tiny signal extraction in more complex non-contact
scenarios, we believe that the multiple paths approximate estimation and blind-source separation algorithms can serve as the promising
solutions.

\paragraph*{Evaluation standardization} Currently, there is no standard set of specifications that can serve as a guide for designing
sensing techniques. There is no single wireless technology that is widely accepted as the main technology for future sensing systems. As
evident from our discussion on the proposed systems in the previous sections, a number of different technologies and techniques have been
used for the purpose. However, most of the systems are disjoint and there is no ubiquitous system that currently exists. This poses
significant challenges. Therefore, we believe that there is a need for proper standardization of sensing. Through standardization, we can
set the specifications and also narrow down the technologies and techniques that can satisfy the regular evaluation metrics. Furthermore,
there is a need for creating a universal benchmarking mechanism for evaluating an sensing system.

\paragraph*{Public data sets} In order to facilitate communities to restore the published system and ensure the feasibility of the system,
opening data set is becoming a trend in the academic community. However, from the authors' point of view, it may be inconvenient to publish
all data sets in a time,due to the consideration of later research extensions. We suggest that a compromise way is to expose source code
and some data sets.
