\section {Various sensing applications}

In recent years, with the emerging of the Internet of Thing (IoT), many wireless sensing applications have been inspired, especially for
localization and tracking, behavior perception, material identification, target imaging and vibration detection. In this section, we will
present these five mainstream applications respectively. We also discuss the challenges coming with them and corresponding efforts have
made.

\subsection{Localization and Tracking} Target localization and tracking are two most universal and significant sensing applications.
Specifically, indoor localization has attracted much interest from both the industry and the research community. Among all the technologies
employed for localization, Wi-Fi and RFID are considered as the most promising schemes due to the cheap price and widespread deployment.
Furthermore, we can easily access the amplitude and phase information from commercial RFID and Wi-Fi devices. In the following, we will
discuss previous indoor localization works, which can be classified into two categories: learning-based and model-based localization
schemes.

\subsection{Learning-based localization} These systems collect received signal strength~(RSS) and channel state information~(CSI) at each
location to build fingerprints for localization, which can achieve a meter-level accuracy. Although these systems are easy to be deployed,
their localization accuracies are susceptible to environmental change and indoor multi-path. Furthermore, learning-based localization
schemes suffer from labor-intensive offline training.

\subsection{Model-based localization} For a robust, higher accuracy and low cost system, more and more researches have a trend to explore
model-based localization approaches, which can be divided into two categories. The first category of localization systems are based on
arrival-of-angle~(AoA) or time-of-flight~(TOF) estimation, which achieve localization by intersecting multiple AoA or ToF estimates. The
second category is energy-attenuation-based localization systems, which establish signal energy attenuation model to calculate target
localization. These ideas sound simple, however, there exist some common challenges to make them practical.

\paragraph*{Hardware imperfections} Due to commercial hardware imperfections, we cannot obtain accurate phase information and accurate time of
flight.

\paragraph*{multi-path effect} In our indoor environment, there exits rich  multi-path effects, which result in the inaccuracy of location
parameter estimation and signal attenuation model construction.

\paragraph*{Uncertainty of initial position} For the tracking systems, it is difficult to determine target's initial position.



 To mitigate the phase error caused by commercial hardware imperfections, a general idea is to calibrate phase information by comparing it
 with the real pre sampled values \cite{Wang2016D}. Meanwhile, different frequencies can be utilized to emulate a very large bandwidth for
 achieving accurate time estimation~\cite{RFind}. To eliminate the multi-path effect, on the one hand, we can conversely exploit multi-path
 to capture multi-path profiles for target localization~\cite{PinIt}. On the other hand, by increasing the number of antennas in the array,
 we can improve angle estimation resolution to identify the line-of-sight~(LoS)~\cite{Arraytrack, Spotfi}. Furthermore, one skillful idea
 is to select clear subcarrier information to establish signal attenuation model~\cite{wang2016lifs}. To deal with the uncertainty of
 initial position, we can leverage virtual antenna array and approximate evaluation method to improve tracking accuracy~\cite{Tagoram}.

In addition, acoustic signal has been widely used for localization and tracking, due to its slow propagation velocity and robustness to
environment changes. However, there also exist several challenges that are similar to Wi-Fi and RFID based localization systems.

The first issue need to be tackled is the inaccuracy phase information and unsynchronized time induced by the defects of commercial
acoustic devices. A standard solution is to use phase difference for tracking target location~\cite{LLAP}, another approach is employing
multiple device to avoid the time asynchrony~\cite{BeepBeep}.  The second issue is the indoor multi-path, which results in inaccuracy of
model parameters estimation. To deal with this problem, a typical intuition is to design different modulation for acoustic signal, such as
frequency modulated carrier wave~(FMCW) and orthogonal frequency division multiplexing~(OFDM) \cite{CAT,STRATA}.
